OAuth was initially intended to provide 
authorization between services

To understand oauth we can take the example of
parking attendant.. where rich people give the
car keys to parking guy n he parks the car for 
them.. now the parking guy might be notorious 
n may take the car for a long ride or may use
the key to look into whats present inside the
trunk.. in that case it might not be a good
idea to give the parking guy the main key.
A solution would be if the owner has a valet/
parking guy key which would have limited car
access like making the car on/off but wont have
other access like fuel tank,trunk etc

Take an example of a photo printing app which
take in an image from u n prints it n delivers 
to ur address. normally u would upload the
image to the app from ur device.. but nobody
saves images on their device now..they save it
on google drive. so now the app wants to allow
user to import from google drive.. now to get
access to google drive ur app needs to know
username n password f the account which the 
user vl not be happy sharing. so instead
the app calls the google drive service then
the google drive service notifies to the user
that a service is wanting to get some access
to the account n list the different accesses 
the service is asking for. the user verifies
the info n confirms if the user is ok with
giving the asked access.. upon confirmation
google sends back the service with an access 
token which he can use to get access..